I was about to well I was about to
do a live broadcast telling this eternal the
tweets whatever you want to call it they are not
new forms of information way
information that I don't know how nobody has
noticed this detail with then with
the backtracking that we give to things
with the times that we talk about things and
nobody has noticed this detail that I'm
going to tell you okay it was going to be
live I was going to then upload the
secondary channel but seeing the type of
information that he how powerful and the
importance of deciding to make
a video for the main channel always keep
in mind that there are many times that
the story this type of thing or classes if you do
n't want to miss the details in the
live broadcasts that I do and one and then some I
upload to the secondary channel but
not all then it is interesting that you become a
member of my channel you know because
bad it is very cheap and you can you can
watch again in full any live broadcast
that you miss in addition to that we just
opened the website a new
internet portal that is open right now and
you can get it if you are a member of you
know soon it will be open to the general
public  okay when it's
completely finished and it doesn't have bugs
and such but basically that has opened
an internet portal to it it is in
beta phase only for members of you
know and this portal has a section
where you can upload memes
blogger session where I have four or
five bloggers who are publishing
content that has nothing to do
with me okay this internet page
is not related to my channel as such
at all this is independent what
I think you're going to like the most is going to be the
forum the forum has a lot of substance in the
forum there are almost all the
controversial youtubers also from television
series movies anything goes in the forum
there are all kinds of topics for all
kinds of people if you want and by entering meet
the members of my channel of yo
no puedes conseguir also I tell you that
to see this video in the milk this to I'm
going to give some
complementary information the video that I uploaded a
week but to see this video
you essential must have
seen the one that uploaded last week
on this subject where basically I
uncover everything okay I think that whoever
saw that video who doesn't want to continue
believing in the truth is because or being
blind or because he will do his balls
in that video it was clear that it is good
that all the accusations of harassment of
pedophilia already towards Dallas were
lies subject of the dog I think it
was quite clear with that whatsapp
from Antonia telling me that I would
lose him again I even showed that the allies
defended things even knowing that they
were not true, that is, they defended things
audience covering even crime
for the simple fact that they hate
Dallas in the corner that has him there are
many people who want to hold on to that
I do this because now well because
now I do whatever it takes to
defend Dallas and really it is not like that
and weed I have my own opinion it is
evident to see things in another
way after all the things that I
have and this is not because I love him
because I win anything in return this is
simply because the truth and in which he has been he
stays he has his things
that he is not right in everything that he is a
person who will have his fault but in all
this subject I believe the thing is
quite evident for many
mental ignacia that  they have put the subject
worth the bell the fire throwing and all
the people who support me I will do the whole
circle of looking are put into
mental action looking to see from my video what
they can dismantle when
really there is nothing dismantlable
my own area as he did with the
game over he has not put anything he forced him
also the past that he has put this tweet
making reference to the love that
parents have for each other I do not have an imputation
ideas and this will be an indirect for something
that I said in the video because in
my video I did not make any accusations about
the love of his parents that he owes nothing he
fears nothing he has no reason to feel for
alluding but well taking into account that
after everything that I said in the script
not to see the only thing that he was able to
deny well
in quotes was that he really was a fan
of marvel
and I really don't give a [ __ ] that they continue arguing about that on twitter yes because he is still a fan because he has become a fan now that I do not care it is as if suddenly he wants to tattoo the face of ironman here here between his eyebrows what
makes me laugh is that of everything that I say
in the  game not only see argument in that is
the least important thing what is not
relevant to me I would like to see her
defend herself as to why she took and gave
Messi all the information about him
and yes for her to make a video that she is
so obsessed with destroying the
public image of Dallas that she
contacted a lot of
media outlets to the point that she
accepted me and to save me I mean if I had
taken get her the spot on save me she
was there and well one of the
mental gymnastics of everything I said in the video is
worth a 35 minute video in which she
revealed everything and one of the
mental gymnastics that the people who
support Mieres have done is to say how good that in
2016 in 2016 it was already illegal to have
any kind of relationship with a minor under
16 so in the case that what she
told me would be a kiss she hooked up with
Dallas there would be an illegality because she was
not yet 16 because I said
that anyway it would be legal because
the law had not yet come into force
16 people are telling me that the law
was in effect in 2015 then I was wrong and
well basically because she told me that
when she hooked up with Dallas she
denies it this is
one's word against the other that she was 15 almost
16 that she was a few weeks away from
turning 16 I have verified that information
in the call in the audios and even
in writing she confirmed it to us she told me
that she was 15 almost 16 I asked her her
age and she told me it was
when I uploaded the video the
other day well she has blocked me from all
her networks which is of no use to her
because what I have to have I have and
if I want to watch something the kids like for
example I'm watching now that you're sucking up
to aj redhead
suddenly you're also a fan of jota
redhead and well yes I had that little
mistake okay she believes me that the age of
consent from 16 years old
comes in 2016 but it doesn't come in
2015 but you know what  I was
also wrong and I have no idea how nobody
noticed this detail
a follower sent me a tweet this afternoon and it says
the following Javier and look the girl
in quotes was 16 years old at the signing
of fugitives at the time
so if what she says is true
nothing happens we see the date of birth
that is on her twitter profile and it says
May 26th 99 and of course we are not
going to take into account the photo that the
girl has as an avatar on twitter
but then we get shocked when they
send her photos of a naked torso be careful a
naked man's torso be very careful
I mean the girl is now 20 years old the
girl is very in quotes let's start with
the girl the girl and she has nothing eyeliner not
even the book signing from before
thank you very much because all that band
when they talk about me I will make her like she
is only some girls she is only a
20 year old girl when my mother is I don't know
if she is 22 now if I'm not mistaken I think I
turned 22 now in April or May and I will
do it  a poor innocent girl of 20,
twenty-something years old but when they talk about
Dallas on the radio 4 years ago they make him out to
be a real guy okay when he
was even younger the one he is
now I'll do the things I say well the
same the same the girl well he cheats
he uploaded on twitter not so that people do
n't know that she's so young and he put
another date but in reality she's younger
and you only have to do a little
search on her tweet and we see here Bruce
Smith dominated that today is my 17th birthday in
May 2016 this this is very strong
because in this context I
feel important I've been funk
and I'm talking to her on WhatsApp about my 18th birthday being on Friday in May 2017 so this girl when she signed Dallas' book when she saw Dallas she wasn't 15 she was almost 17 you can do any search on google for the date of her signing okay
the final book signing at the
time in Valencia was March 3rd if
I'm not mistaken in fact here you have  a
tweet from this girl saying tomorrow I'll
give the review on March 2nd so
please someone explain the
crime to me in case it was true we do
n't know if it's in a 21
year old kid tried to flirt with a 17 year old this is
illegal she turned me over to the police okay to the
twitter police if necessary because
before being with my current partner I
had another partner when I was
20 she was 16 and of course these
people are going to say that well it
was harassment it's not true people will probably
paint it in the middle of rape or
think here another tweet that I found
of good days before this girl
met with Dallas when Dallas
quoted morbidity quoted shows us her
abs bread visited I think I have
a couple of volunteers let's see what
the video says on the belly
a woman who is a volunteer if one
thing supports this girl offers herself as a
volunteer great here's the review I think you do
have a volunteer if someone
sees it or recognizes it please give her my
address on my phone and tell her that I
live alone when churri roof you talk about
the raid please help me and vote for
alicante so that dallas comes to sign
her book and so she can meet her we make
eternity into nothing and nothing into
eternity dallas's hoarse voice
is very sexist i'm dying of love how
beautiful it is when my best friends
see me with dallas i wish but no i've been
thinking about dallas all day when dallas does
n't love you anymore from me and from
dallas to all the haters cancer quoted
bread i visited if it is clearly seen that it
is the profile of a harassed girl without a
doubt when the whole movement arose
this girl apart from coming to my channel to
tell us her story it is a publication
on twitter that reached no more and no less
than within reach of 11 thousand retweets and
many more likes and according to what
the girl tells me in one of the audios this
publication was entirely written by
my area look she made all the text and
even the collage with all the
screenshots and she
a statement that is the statement I
have a twitter
that in fact I already  she wrote to me and said
make it public, she made me the collage
of the screenshots and everything and she told me
well with this on twitter and put this and
put it as is and I suppose that with the others she
did the same thing that I don't know I tell you not
mine really she told me what she had to
say, I mean she told me what I had to
put and everything I would have to wash the
city of this screenshot of
course but let's see what she says let's see
what she did to him I'm going to publish
on twitter to this girl I met
Dallas on youtube and I started following him
on twitter I talked to him every day
until I opened up bm because he liked me
in quotes but the relationship was
weird I felt like I had to watch my
words like a feeling of
discomfort we continued talking we
became friends and last summer Dallas
started talking to me continuously he gave me
his sky and line and invited me to Barcelona
to have relations with him and look
it's something that I denied since I was 15 years old and it
was not something that he called me I was not
15 years old and in the signature I was
almost  17 and it was May if you're talking about the
previous summer I was already 16 at the
same time I talked to my area but we
got along we became friends and
joked around often but she
was banned for something which I
understood months later I would
review the conversations she
had with me Dallas continually
wanted to pretend she was where I was
making me send her a picture of myself
and pressure me to answer
stupid questions what would I do if she
was with me at night and she would
tell me things like I'm cold and I'm alone I
want you to be here with me so I can
hug you at that time she told me she would do it to me
and he broke up lies and started
flirting with me he even offered me pictures of
himself and then I found out that he took it while we were
in the other room
without her knowing then they broke up for
real and I started putting my [ __ ] on
her and trying to turn me against her she
actually got my ring we would
distance ourselves for months as
the signing day approached in Valencia the
mini place where I tricked my parents
so I could go with him one night to his
hotel I had  I'm 16 years old and I live in
Alicante and I said no, he got really
heavy until I agreed to go but only
after eating and spending some time together
there we kissed well we've already seen how
thoughtful he got on twitter she's a
girl there we kissed after I
told him that I wasn't sure and be
careful that he almost forced her that day
I felt super uncomfortable with him because
he had made me feel like there
really was something between us however he
treated me with contempt
especially after having already warned me
after that day he started to ignore me
and only spoke to me to ask for photos
send me emoticons I'm opening my
eyes putting two and two together
and finally I decided to tell
my mother the truth despite being afraid
of their relationship she pushes me away more she got angry
with me and supported me I'll tell you why we
became very good friends to the point that he
never answered you on whatsapp and only calls you when he wants
something from you and I was regaining the courage
that he had taken from me until one day
out of nowhere he blocked me for simply
supporting my mother  not without first making me
feel like [ __ ] and a traitor
when the one who betrayed many of us was
him. Over the months I met other
fans, some of them very young, to
whom the same thing had happened or worse. He
never respected our decisions, he
manipulated us and pressured us. I had never spoken
about this so as not to involve my area and
because I was afraid, but the truth is
starting to come out and I know that there have been
many of us and we do not speak, this will continue to happen
and we do not want more victims. It is
incredible to think that I
could have written this. I will act according to the girl.
Really, if you read this text again,
removing the fact that it says she is
15 years old when it is a lie that she is not, we did not
find anything wrong, we did not find
anything really shady, let's see, it
all depends on the way she has to
explain it, that is, express it and with her
eyes they want to look at them, but I mean,
really, I think that all of us at one time or another
have had a fling on the internet. I think that
all of us have invited a
girl to spend the night with us at the
hotel.
In fact, sorry, I scared you with what I am
going to tell you, but
human procreation is necessary.  for the
reproduction of asking to be human to continue
existing is a thing of nature
basically geeky I believe that we all
have our needs it is
done it is very good in fact it is it is very
good okay I think the best that life gives us
above all free or I put so that
the captures also that she published that I will
make a collage if you
want to stop to read it stop the video and
the law but basically here what I
see is the same as I am telling you
that everything depends on the context and the
way you want to read it not with the
eyes that you want to look at it or let an
example of a youtuber who explained
something more or less similar with the case of
michael jackson and the documentary that they
released that was pure manipulation and that
spoke of some phases that were taken out of
context in this documentary that they
made to make him a pedophile
are the faxes that are the only evidence
that appears in the film in which it is
understood that michael was looking for something
dark with the web and in the documentary not
all are shown avoids showing that
most of the faxes are destined for
me today to white's mother  in the faxes
they usually show tremendous affection to the whole
family especially to white on
whom they have high expectations for
his talent as a dancer and singer and
constantly repeats to him that they don't stop him from
rehearsing and practicing that he learns to rap
and show what he's worth but what
happens if we change the intonation of these
faxes and we tell them to you like this
[Music]
and
well they are manipulating you just like
everything they tell you and the way they
tell it throughout the movie well this is
basically the same no what I do
find very funny about this collage with a
screenshot thinking that it will be
I will do not like the girl told me that it will
be mine in which he has made the collage
no and the screenshot that I had to put in
this twitter publication and I took
these tweets I will do she is a love a
doll a super sweet and fun loving
brave and very very pretty girl
what the hell were you looking for in other galas that by the
way here you can see the like the air of
Antonia in the age Antonia and that Dallas does not fail
says that he is fed up with  lies
but makes a 45 minute video where
not to say them ole your balls so comes out
his fan I hate you for hurting such a
sweet girl so fragile so tender and
with so much desire to be happy I hate you
for not valuing the tremendous hate the
thought that I will put put this
capture not this publication as I
tell you it had a lot of virality on twitter
both because they retweeted it and
shared it both the mother of my area
as I will do like Ingrid as Focusing
as the whole environment of my I will do okay
here to leave on screen like some
twitterers with enough followers and like
some youtubers shared the
publication giving it total veracity and
even some mentioning the brands
with which Dallas collaborated so that they
would terminate the contracts with him, in other words,
looking to leave him without a [ __ ] job with
something that was a lie yes
obviously done with many companies it
works okay there are many companies that
have stopped collaborating with Dallas because of
this whole thing to me this seems
shameful to me this seems
totally in cre
ok but well each one  She is free to have
her opinion and believe what she
wants, but please, gentlemen, lies
have very short legs, my friend. Until
the next video, two fragments of her
complaint where she requests the
precautionary measure of a restraining order, which
is ridiculous because it had been more than three
years since I saw her or tried to
contact her, that is why it was
basically denied and the closure of the
channel, as I have already said, but in
addition, shortly after in the complaint she asks for
the prohibition of accessing any
type of social networks and it is as if she
directly wants to prohibit me from
working anywhere possible, not
only close my channel but prohibit me from
speaking on any type of
social networks, that is, I cannot have a
personal Facebook page to have my mother
since obviously, as is evident
by the fact that I am making this
video, this was totally denied, but
imagine the level at which she wanted to do something
like that when this clearly had nothing to
do with her, but well, she put it the
same and if it works and I can make my ex
basically stop working
forever, then I put it the same, I mean,
I want to take all of my ex's money,
even leave him in debt of hundreds of
thousands of euros and on top of that take them away.